Also , baby animals who are rejected by their parents are no longer kept in the Children 's Zoo because the zoo has found that it is harder to reintroduce them into their habitats once they grow up if they are kept away from their own species .
Some people think that before becoming a god , he was a Chinese hermit and a reincarnation of a Taoist god .
The Grand Canyon is a very large canyon in Arizona , United States . It is a national park of the United States .
Relations father and son were not polite ; John Singleton , said that the father would not even go passed his son 's house if he could keep clear of it , and believed that Jane would probably kill her husband .
It is situated on the river Werra , 11 km northwest of Hildburghausen , and 14 km southwest of Suhl .
The colony , near the coast on the Itajaí River , was called Blumenau .
TV cooking programs brought the recipes of cooks to a new audience who wanted to try out new ways of cooking .
Witten is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia , in the Ruhr Area and has about 100,000 inhabitants .
The greenhouse effect is caused by greenhouse gases ; the most important greenhouse gasses in Earth 's atmosphere are : water vapor , carbon dioxide , and methane .
The name Silicosis is from Visconti in 1870 .
Their music can be described as a mix between heavy metal and rock 'n' roll .
Admins only ; the bot will not process updates for non-admins .
The following is a list of Pacific hurricane seasons .
The term `` trail '' gained popularity during World War II , when many servicemen from the United States were stationed in Australia , which probably influenced its being adopted by elements of the Australian media at the time .
The boundary with the North Riding of Yorkshire was adjusted : the part of the town of Barnard Castle that was in Yorkshire was added to County Durham , but the part of the Borough of Stockton-on-Tees in Durham was given to the North Riding .
But I was here in New York City , I had money and I could n't buy any clothes .
Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist .
His original intention in writing Fahrenheit 451 was to show his great love for books and libraries .
Two federal Migratory Bird Sanctuaries were founded on the island in 1961 .
The female flowers , called hops , are used for making beer .
In auditing , people are able to re-experience painful events in their past .
Calligraphy is the art of writing .
As a young child he often went to St James ' Park with his father to watch Newcastle United F.C.
The Bundestag is the legislature of Germany .
Only two months earlier his former friend and committee member Gustave Moynier had also died .
The word stockgrower is used now .
The same year the company chose its symbol - the Maltese cross . In 1887 , Vacheron Constantin became a stock company .
Capablanca placed first in the preliminary tournament , 1 1/2 points ahead of Lasker , who was out of practice and made a shaky start .
The results are then collected and re-ordered at the end .
Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard , David C. Jewitt , Jan Kleyna , and Brian G. Marsden on April 13 , 2007 , from observations taken between January 5 , 2006 and March 22 , 2007 .
Mato Grosso do Sul means `` Southern Thick Forest '' . The name comes from its northern neighbor state of Mato Grosso .
Then , he goes to his son 's birthday party , where his wife , Miranda Hillard , asks for a divorce .
It borders Saudi Arabia and Oman on the north and the east .
She landed her first leading role as Haruka in Kurogane Communication .
Its county seat is Cherokee .
At the age of five , John was rescued from the burning rectory .
A litre is the metric unit of volume .
It is not being used any more and at the moment the bunker is buried underneath a public park in a suburb called Condell Park in the City of Bankstown , which is in the State of New South Wales Australia .
The larvae are pests for cotton or tobacco growers as the cotton bollworm or tobacco budworm .
Blanquefort , Gironde is a commune .
Only eight tropical storms formed , and four hurricanes .
The 1998 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in France from June 10 1998 to July 12 , 1998 .
Laubach is an area of interest to tourists because it has many historic and colorful half-timbered buildings .
It was probably the most popular opera buffa of the 18th century .
Gollum can not find his ring , and realizes that Bilbo has it .
The second reference , the Court decided that the particular provision referred - section 4 of the School Attendance Bill , 1942 - was `` repugnant to the Constitution '' .
In 1493 , he published the Nuremberg Chronicles , also known as the World Chronicles , an illustrated history of the world from the creation to the present day .
The WWF consisted of Stone Cold Steve Austin , Kurt Angle , Chris Jericho , Kane , and the Undertaker , who all wrestled against the team of DDP , Booker T , Rhyno , and the Dudley Boys .
Bazenville is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
In China , the Han Dynasty advocated Confucianism as the de facto state religion , establishing tests based on Confucian texts as an entrance requirement into government service .
So to create currency , the residents took covers and paper from hymnals and church missives and created paper planchets , which were struck using the same dies that were previously used to mint coins .
Articles related to the science area of Physics .
A ways into the match , Jeff laid Chavo on the Spanish commentary desk , Jeff grabbed a ladder and jumped off it landing on Chavo and breaking the desk .
The monastery has a gavit and various service buildings around the site .
Their mother , Minnie Schönberg , was from Dornum in East Frisia , and their father Simon Marrix was a native of Alsace , now part of France , and worked as a tailor .
In 2002 , he began work on a series of string quartets for the Maggini String Quartet to record on the Naxos record label .
Belgium relied heavily on free market economic policies after its liberation in 1944 , and had the fastest recovery . It also did not have the severe housing and food shortages seen in the rest of continental Europe .
4.75
D from Teachers College , Columbia University in Curriculum and Instruction .
Because the algorithm is known , it is no longer a trade secret .
Ford Anglia was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1939 through 1967 .
The change is due to precession of the equinoxes .
In some places , including China , lettuce is eaten cooked .
It is also a starting point for people wanting to see Cooktown , Cape York Peninsula , and the Atherton Tableland .
It is centered on , near New Zealand .
In 1983 he founded the `` Rally '' Armenian pop-rock band , the participant of `` Song - 85 '' festival .
The family is predominantly distributed around the tropics , where those with edible fruits were amongst the earliest cultivated plants in both the Old and New Worlds .
Earl Grey tea is a kind of tea that has a flavor and smell that comes bergamot orange , a citrus fruit .
Mark Alan Webber is an Australian Formula One driver .
If a and d are natural numbers , with d non-zero , it can be proved that there exist unique integers q and r , such that a = qd + r and 0 r -LRB- d. The number q is called the quotient , while r is called the remainder .
It has 11 cantons and 110 communes .
In the days leading up to birth the female can often be seen basking in the sun on a warm road .
Michael Clarke Duncan is an American actor who has starred in numerous movies and has been a guest on numerous television shows including : Two and a Half Men , The Suite Life of Zack and Cody , and Chuck .
Pearl-shelling brought many experienced divers from many countries , especially Japan .
The parish church , unused since the 1970s , is on the site of an early Christian monastery founded by St. Adomnán , Abbot of Iona .
Provides the server with a message to automatically send in reply to a PRIVMSG directed at the user , but not to a channel they are on .
When Texas became the 28th state of the United States of America on December 29 , 1845 , its national flag became the state flag . Each color means a special symbol on the flag : blue stands for loyalty , white for purity , and red for bravery .
After the 1966 season , Switzer became an assistant coach at the University of Oklahoma . He became head coach there in 1973 .
The Book of Baruch , sometimes called 1 Baruch , is a deuterocanonical or apocryphal book of the Bible .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city is 3,260 .
In the next challenge , the outcasts tribe won against Morgan and Drake ; both would have to vote off a player at separate tribal councils , while the outcasts tribe would vote in two players to return to the game in their place .
Kalamata is also known because of the big earthquake in 1986 .
After that she st in the TV series 90-60-90 modelos and Ricos y famosos .
The hill was a traditional place for weekend trips , and had a lot of small restaurants for the visitors .
Tencha can then be de-veined , de-stemmed , and ground with a stone until it becomes the fine , bright green , talc-like powder known as matcha .
The prize is named for Henri-Louis Wakker .
While the first movie dealt with Kenai 's relationship with Koda , this one focuses more on his bond with a young human , Nita .
These benefits are present even if the buffered data are written to the buffer once and read from the buffer once .
The county administration is in Oslo , which is not part of the county .
His parents , Gerry Adams Sr. and Annie Hannaway , came from strong republican backgrounds .
Sometimes it can best be solved by numerical methods , typically using computers .
Mametz , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
It can be used at the end of the article , directly in the References section .
Before debuting with Shinee , Minho modeled for Ha Sang Baek 's `` Seoul Collection F/W 08-09 '' in March .
Fay crossed Hispaniola , Cuba , and hit south Florida beginning late on August 18 , slowly tracking northeastward across the peninsula .
Three years later , Fey became a writer for the sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live .
Sikhs celebrate this festival because of the returning of their sixth Guru , Guru Hargobind Sahib Ji , from the Gwalior Fort , where he had been imprisoned along with 53 other Kings by Emperor Jahangir , and all of those 53 Kings had been freed along with the Guru on the Guru 's demand .
Laroque was injured during the pre-game warm up and Sevigny was started instead .
Gusts of up to 75 mph affected Northern Ireland during the night of the 21st & 22nd .
He is well-known for playing Merry Brandybuck in Peter Jackson 's film trilogy of J. R. R. Tolkien 's The Lord of the Rings . He is also well-known for playing Charlie Pace on the television show Lost .
They tried to have Howl , and Ginsberg prosecute .
It is situated 20 km southwest of Biberach an der Riß , and 19 km north of Ravensburg .
It is the location of the Royal Observatory of London that is the basis for Greenwich Mean Time and Coordinated Universal Time .
Haut-de-Bosdarros is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France .
It is named in honor of the physicist William Thomson , the first Lord Kelvin .
Brahms wrote his famous Wiegenlied originally for a young singer , Bertha Faber , when she gave birth to her second son .
Interstate 70 is an Interstate Highway in the United States . It goes from Cove Fort , Utah east to Baltimore , Maryland .
Juan Gutiérrez Moreno is a Spanish football player . He plays for Atlético Madrid .
Apart from the use in cars duroplast was also used to make suitcases .
This is a supportive template for various infoboxes from the series , not intended to be used on its own .
The seal prominently has a map showing one of the state 's most valuable resources - its major rivers .
Every match on the card was contested for a championship .
Olympia Snowe was elected to the US Senate in 1994 , that made her the first woman in the United States 's history in both houses of the state legislature and both houses of the Congress , and the second woman Senator in history to represent Maine . She is the first Greek woman ever elected to Congress .
It was produced by DreamWorks Animation and was released on November 7 , 2008 .
She left school age 16 and trained as a piano tuner .
From 1936 to 1991 , the games were held as a regional tournament within the USSR .
In 1998 , Romero made a commercial for Resident Evil 2 .
Robert Prosinečki is a former Croatian football player .
According to Washington Mutual 's 2007 SEC filing , it held assets valued at $ 327.9 / Billion Dollars .
Navy blue or navy is a dark shade of the color blue .
Hercules rips the shirt of the warlock and sees that the heart belongs to the warlock .
One type of shoe is Trainers . Their main purpose is to make running , walking , or jogging easier by making the weight of the shoe lighter and the sole of the shoe softer .
Carole Bayer Sager is an American songwriter and singer .
Wooden ceilings were usually brightly colored .
The British Rail Class 460 electrical multiple units were built by Alstom at Washwood Heath from 2000-01 .
The Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey are in Westminster .
Citations within a page should use consistent formats .
Simms has been in commercials for the game Jenga , the remedies Tums , Maalox , Advil , Bluefly , Post Cereal 's Shredded Wheat , and Dairy Queen 's `` Moolate '' shakes .
The Roman Curia consists of the Secretariat of State , nine Congregations , three Tribunals , 11 Pontifical Councils , and a complex of offices that administer church affairs at the highest level .
Tropical waves in the Atlantic Ocean form from disturbances which drift off the continent of Africa onto the Atlantic Ocean .
Jasseines is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France .
White leaders often viewed Native Americans and Australian Aborigines as obstacles to progress , rather than as settlers in their own right .
The religion originated in the city of Salvador , the capital of Bahia .
Radovan , Dolj is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
It is the county seat of Pope County .
The confidence interval is always given together with the confidence level .
As a young man , Pascal found a job tending horses in Hungary .
Priam is like Niobe in that he is grieving for his son Hector , who was killed and not buried for several days . Niobe is also mentioned in Sophocles ' Antigone : as she is marched toward her death , Antigone compares her own loneliness to that of Niobe .
Kale is the spouse of Hephaestus according to some authors .
La Chapelle-sur-Ch ézy is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Although he considered himself a painter of history in the tradition of Nicolas Poussin and Jacques-Louis David , by the end of his life it was Ingres 's portraits , both painted and drawn , that were recognized as his greatest legacy .
Digital media like digital audio , digital video and other digital `` content '' can be created , referred to and distributed by digital information processing machines . Digital media is a big change from media .
The most famous example of a screwjob of this type is the Montreal Screwjob .
Labastide-Villefranche is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France .
It is the natural number after One and before Three .
The city was named after Juan Ponce de León y Loayza , the grandson of Spanish conquistador Juan Ponce de León .
It is on the eastern border of France . It lies on the west bank of the Upper Rhine , next to Germany and Switzerland .
Jaguar is a large feline that lives in South and Central America .
It is a sequel to the 1996 movie 101 Dalmatians , which was a live-action remake of the 1961 Disney animated movie One Hundred and One Dalmatians .
The Sheppard et al. announcement was immediately correlated with an August 6 2000 observation by the team of Brett J. Gladman , John J. Kavelaars , Jean-Marc Petit , Hans Scholl , Matthew J. Holman , Brian G. Marsden , Philip D. Nicholson and Joseph A. Burns - an observation that was reported to the Minor Planet Center but not published as an IAU Circular .
Until 1995 , BEST stood for Bombay Electricity Supply and Transport .
Andranik Eskandarian is a former Iranian football player .
It is therefore useless to email our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images , even if the rules of operation of your company or school mandate that you ask web site operators before copying their content .
Remarkable variety of marine life-algae , and crabs are found here .
The compartments were pressure-ventilated but the equipment proved to be troublesome .
The British Rail Class 43 diesel-hydraulic locomotives were built by the North British Locomotive Company from 1960-1962 .
It was so successful that from the Ming dynasty onwards , a lot of qinpu 琴譜 appeared , the most famous and useful being `` Shenqi Mipu '' compiled by Zhu Quan , the 17th son of the founder of the Ming dynasty .
In Mixed Doubles , Ullyett won the 2002 Australian Open with Daniela Hantuchová .
When Tropical Depression Thirteen became Tropical Luis on August 29 , it marked the earliest date of a seasons 12th named storm .
00000This subtemplate divides by 100,000 then adds zeros back on .
A person who commits sexual abuse is called a molester , abuser , or sexual abuser .
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 km southeast of Puerto Rico .
Marcenais is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
He also won multiple European and World junior championships .
His father was a Protestant heart doctor from Scotland , and his mother the French Catholic daughter of an army officer .
On some days the Canadian government flies the Royal Union Flag next to the Maple Leaf Flag . The Royal Union Flag is the British Union Jack , and is a symbol that Canada is a member of the Commonwealth , and that Canada and Britain share a history and a monarch .
When Idomeneo finally realizes it is his own son he must kill , he tells Idamante to go away and never see him again .
Bertincourt is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
A real or complex number is called transcendental number if it can not be found as a result of an algebraic equation with integer coefficients .
The region is one the most complicated in the post-Soviet area , and has three heavily disputed areas - Abkhazia and South Ossetia in Georgia , and Nagorno-Karabakh in Azerbaijan .
Aras and Danielle got celebrated with a feast the next day .
Gunnery Sergeant Carlos Norman Hathcock II was a U.S. Marine Corps scout/sniper . He was famous for having one of the highest numbers of confirmed kills in the U.S. military , during the Vietnam War , as well as holding the record for many years for the longest sniper kill in history .
The burden of proof is higher in the case of a public figure .
Fuji Heavy Industries in 1954 built a car called the Subaru P-1 . It was named by the person who was CEO , Kenji Kita .
A crystal radio , sometimes called a crystal set , is a very simple AM radio receiver , that does not need batteries to work .
The following parameters are responsible for the content that is communicated about the series and the individual games within the series .
Lorenzo Buffon is a former Italian football player .
BSELP002 - Cruel & Unusual A. Black Sun Empire - The Cooler B. Black Sun Empire & Corrupt Souls - Everything C. Black Sun Empire - Bitemark D. Black Sun Empire & SKC - Masquerade E. Black Sun Empire & Noisia - Hideous F. Black Sun Empire - Sideways G. Black Sun Empire - Future Frame H. Dino Sofos - Breathe Sunshine
The degree of expansion divided by the change in temperature is called the material 's coefficient of thermal expansion and generally varies with temperature .
Since this value is near the approximate diameter of Ananke itself , it is likely the parent body was not heavily disrupted .
The fruit is a pod containing several seeds .
Shere Khan is still hunting for Mowgli , which puts him , as well as Shanti and Baloo , in danger .
The Four Grand Slam tournaments , also known as The Majors .
Nasirabad Division was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan , until the reforms of 2000 abolished it .
Bunk beds are often used in children 's rooms . Since bunk beds allow a family to put two beds in the space of a single bed , bunk beds save space .
Sonogno is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
When the first Nobel Peace Prize was awarded in 1901 , the Norwegian Nobel Committee opted to give it to Henry Dunant and Frédéric Passy , a leading campaigner against war .
Thus the functinality of is a subset of the functionality of , but the advantage is that the template code is much shorter .
The train from London was run as an extra train on the normal Central Line timetable .
They can be big , like the Grand Canyon , or small .
There are however exceptions , including the diurnal Gypsy moth and the spectacular `` Uraniidae '' or Sunset moths .
The head of the match was made of a mixture of potassium chlorate , sulfur , sugar , and rubber .
The party 's federal parliamentary leader since 3 December 2007 is Warren Truss .
This version introduced support for the Compiz compositing window manager and AIGLX .
Alwa arrives , and the admirers hide as Alwa tells Lulu he loves her . Dr. Schön returns , sees the Acrobat , and begins a long argument with Lulu .
The Hull Tidal Surge Barrier is where the River Hull joins the Humber Estuary and is lowered at times when unusually high tides are expected .
Donegal is a county in Ulster , Ireland .
Kuki does not lead a happy conjugal life though she has a love marriage with Aniket .
Bean is the name used for the seeds of several plants .
She was born at Qingjiang , Kiangsu , China as Ruth McCue Bell , the second of five children .
Vierville-sur-Mer is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Low acid levels in the stomach are also linked with bacteria growing too much , which can stop the body taking in nutrients or vitamins .
NBA TV replaced Time Warner 's CNN/SI on many cable systems after that network shut down a year earlier .
Open clusters are more loose , and they have less than a few hundred stars , which are often very young .
At the end of the season a twist called was shown live on May 13 , 2004 .
The gang decided that Aaron Sherritt , Joe Byrne 's best friend , was a police spy .
Peterborough United F.C. is a football club which plays in England .
Fortman also co-owns a recording studio called Balance Productions which is located in Louisiana .
A tea made by infusing the herb in water can be used for cough and bronchitis .
Nowadays schools tend to get bigger , thus CCTV cameras enable teachers and security staff to see and then control what is happening in live . In our opinion , like Britain , we believe that our school should also install CCTV cameras .
Mingoval is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Two kinds of friction are static and kinetic . Static friction acts on things that are not moving , or that are not sliding against one another .
After passing near the Cape Verde islands , Debby moved generally northwestward for much of its life , reaching a peak intensity of 50 mph .
It was later recaptured by Hungary in the summer of 1919 .
Cras-sur-Reyssouze is a commune .
Cytoskeletal elements interact closely and often with cell membranes .
Buchanan was said to slap Davis 's knuckles every time he started using heavy vibrato .
Giubega is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
Heuland is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
He is best known for his role as Leo Wyatt on the WB Network television series Charmed from 1998 to 2006 .
Also , it is hoped that the existence of such a tag will encourage the resolution of items on a talk page .
Hoeselt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Cessy is a commune .
Airlie Beach is a town in the Whitsunday Region of Queensland , Australia .
A large bay , Portland Bight , lies to the east of it .
Arkansas AM&N exited in 1970 and Alabama State University entered in 1982 .
Joshua Ryan `` Josh '' Hutcherson is an American film and television actor .
The principal town is Unterkulm ; the largest municipality is Reinach .
The city 's metropolitan area consists of 17 municipalities in three cantons . It has an overall population of nearly 200,000 people .
Hyden is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Ciudad Juárez is a city in the state of Chihuahua in Mexico .
The general purpose of the Report was the affirmation and expansion of the principles in the Virginia Resolutions .
In the United Kingdom , the House of Commons is the part of the parliament which has the most power .
Idamante is kind and frees the Trojan prisoners .
It was hosted by Newsreader Don Secombe . Similar to the American version , it had regular celebrity panelists including Ron Cadee , Babette Stevens and Joy Chambers .
Dodd was head football coach at Georgia Tech . The award was made in 1976 to honor the values that Dodd held .
After the formation of Pakistan and the death of her brother , she remained an active member of the nation 's politics .
The capital of the county is Karaj .
Some languages like Chinese , Urdu or Polish are becoming more common in Northern Ireland as people from other countries move to Northern Ireland .
Ethnologue reported 70,000 speakers in 1998 : 40,000 ethnic Italians and 30,000 ethnic Croats and Istrian people .
Jeunet and Caro 's first full length movie was Delicatessen . It was a black comedy set in a famine-plagued future .
Spencer believed the survival of the fittest could and should be applied to commerce and human societies as a whole . Again , some people used these ideas to claim that racism , and ruthless economic policies were justified .
As of 2003 , these are the only known Fermat primes .
He was the first to provide an accurate description of the embryonic sac in gymnosperms and angiosperms , along with demonstrating double-fertilization in angiosperms .
Also is there an exposition about Marionettes , other puppets and the puppet-players of south-east of Germany .
One critic said , `` The album is n't completely successful .
Devon Island has an area of 55247 k. The highest point is the Devon Ice Cap at 6,299 ft/1 ,920 metres which is part of the Arctic Cordillera .
Before the first Linux distributions , a Linux user needed to be a Unix expert , knowing what libraries and executables that were needed to get the system to boot and run .
The child climbs up a ladder or some stairs , then sits down at the top and slides all the way down . Some children like to slide down on their backs or on their stomachs .
24.7 % of all households are made up of individuals and 13.0 % have someone living alone who is 65 years of age or older .
The cost of the dam and land base at that time was close to $ 6 million .
Beyne-Heusay is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège .
Möhlin is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
When reporters asked Monroe if she felt guilty about Gable 's death , she refused to answer . Journalist Sidney Skolsky recalled that in private Monroe said she felt regret for her poor treatment of Gable during filming and described her as being in `` a dark pit of despair . ''
Many animal species walk on their toes , and are called digitigrade .
Rainn Dietrich Wilson is an Emmy-nominated and Screen Actors Guild Award-winning American actor .
Strum is a village in Trempealeau County of the state of Wisconsin in the United States . It can be found along the Buffalo River .
James McHenry was an early American statesman .
Before joining Rise Against in early 2007 , Blair was a member of hardcore punk group called Only Crime along with his brother , Doni Blair who currently plays with the Toadies .
The Hebrew Bible says that Esau , who was very hungry , begged Jacob to give him some of the stew .
On May 28 , 1982 , the first day of his six-day visit to the United Kingdom , Pope John Paul II celebrated Mass in the Cathedral .
A party is a social gathering primarily for celebration and recreation .
Panabaker is the younger sister of actress Danielle .
This hurricane moved through the northern Leeward Islands a week after the last storm on August 27 before continuing westward into the eastern Gulf of Mexico , recurving northward to strike northwest Florida by September 5 .
The boiling point of a liquid also depends on the pressure of the surrounding air . An increase in air pressure increases the boiling point ; a decrease decreases the boiling point .
Villages located in Fife , Scotland .
It is the seat of the Catholic Bishop of Passau and the main church of his diocese .
It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Presently aphids are classified in 10 families , though historically there were many fewer , with most species included in the family Aphididae .
At the Amsterdam Conservatory he is professor .
In the short program on February 23 , she made a triple lutz-triple toe loop combination , a triple flip and a double axel .
A headstall without a bit uses a noseband to control a horse , is called a hackamore , or a bitless bridle .
He conducted many first performances , including the first complete performance of Brahms 's German Requiem .
Salisbury is a city in southern England . Salisbury is close to many rivers .
In a stream cipher the Plaintext digits are encrypted one at a time , and the transformation of successive digits varies during the encryption state .
Marine gastropods include herbivores , detritus feeders , carnivores and a few ciliary feeders , in which the radula is reduced or absent .
In this same year , Green Day went with Iggy Pop on two tracks for his album Skull Ring .
Specifically , the Cucurbitaceae are responsible for some food species , such as squash , pumpkin , watermelon , melon and cucumber .
The modern human species is called Homo sapiens . `` Sapiens '' means `` thought '' .
Mephistopheles persuades Faust to sign the agreement with his own blood .
In the 1980s , Piper also served as the mayor of his home town , Sitio de Calahonda which is located near Málaga in Spain .
Before Tribal Council , Shane wanted to quit because of nicotine withdrawal but his new alliance of Aras , Courtney , and Danielle told him to get over it .
Forum seeks to provide knowledge of the circumstances in which others live , new ways to see the world , respect our planet , and seek social advancement .
Sometimes they are used in flavoring baked goods and chocolate desserts , and sometimes they use it to make a very delicious `` lavender sugar '' . Lavender flowers are also used to make tea , and in French there is lavender syrup , lavender scones , and also lavender marshmallows .
An interview is a conversation between two people where one of the people is trying to get information from the other person . The person asking questions is called the interviewer and the person answering questions is called the interviewee .
In Greek cuisine , pita may refer to thicker breads made with yeast , for example souvlaki pita .
At first , these readings were about the physical health of the person . Later , there were readings on `` past lives '' , `` business advice '' , `` dream interpretation '' , and also `` mental or spiritual health '' .
The rules also vary depending on whether the cue ball or fifteenth object ball are resting on the table 's head spot .
They are found in Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Southeast Asia , the Mediterranean , Florida , and Hawaii , and possibly in many other tropical and semi-tropical regions .
U.S. Route in Maryland
Tramcar n 1 is the only Derby tramcar preserved and is located at the National Tramway Museum in Crich , Derbyshire .
During the match , even though James was playing the heel character , the fans liked her more than Stratus .
Pomona is a city in Los Angeles County , California .
Jhelum and Ravi join Chenab , Beas joins Sutlej , and then Sutlej and Chenab join to form Panjnad near Uch Sharif .
The second part , the last four chapters , covers the rise and fall of the Independent State of Croatia , and the active support of the Roman Catholic Church clergy .
The following year , a newspaper printed eleven design proposals , and polled the people to determine the most popular .
Tasman Peninsula lies south and west of Forestier Peninsula . It is connected by a very narrow piece of land called Eaglehawk Neck .
See the full selection of licensing templates available .
There are two kinds of finite simple groups in the list of finite simple groups . The first kind has 18 countably infinite families .
The Daily Mail described Edwards as a `` man deeply troubled by the collapse of his Christian faith '' . It also revealed that a friend said '' has a deep , theological comprehension of the Bible , making his spiritual meltdown even more unlikely ... They still go to church as a family '' The Daily Mail article also quoted Edwards as saying that he is going through a difficult period in his life .
Beecham controlled all the organization of the orchestra . After Beecham 's death , the orchestra was made into a self-governing group , like the other London orchestras .
The date of the Trojan War was given as 1194 - 1184 BC by Eratosthenes .
Stratford Canning was a Whig and would introduce his nephew in the 1780s to prominent Whigs such as Charles James Fox , Edmund Burke , and Richard Brinsley Sheridan .
Mammals have the advantage of being able to pass salt in solution , mostly in the urine , but kidney function in birds and reptiles is too weak to remove enough salt .
TNA rules say the title can change hands on a disqualification which made Abyss Champion . He lost the title to Christian Cage in a match also involving Sting .
In many countries , drowning is one of the biggest causes of death for children under 14 years old .
Peter Brock / Jim Richards Holden LX Torana A9X SS 163 laps / 6h 38m 15.8 s
Kiviuq is about 16 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 11.1 million kilometers in 450 days .
He published fictional books , articles and books of travel , biography , autobiography , and criticism , and wrote plays , some of which were performed during his lifetime .
Serain is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Todd McCarthy of Variety wrote : `` Fey is a delight to watch throughout .
He controlled the company 's exports of watches to France and Italy .
Wever was questioned for six days in Utrecht .
From 1992 to 2004 the band released three acoustic live unplugged albums which became an instant success .
In their model , an individual 's inclusive fitness varies depending on how much it invests in within-group competition versus between-group competition ; and on its relatedness to the other group members .
Geneva 's economy is mainly services oriented .
He then toured Europe , the United States , South America , Australia and the Far East .
He was still only ten when he won the Junior Wieniawski violin competition .
Mario Kart Wii has 24 selectable Nintendo characters , more than any of the other Mario games .
Tijuana is a city in Mexico .
There is a lot of software for Linux , and since Linux is open source it means that most of the software for it is open source and free .
The `` Document '' , below , refers to any such manual or work .
Coppa Italia is an annual Italian football cup competition . The 2009 Coppa Italia was played between team Lazio and Sampdoria at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome , Italy .
Pattan Kalan is located in the eastern edge of Abbottabad District and is next to Muzaffarabad District of Kashmir .
Saint-Bernard is a commune .
It is preceded by erection of the clitoris and moistening of the opening of the vagina .
Megaclite or , is a moon of Jupiter .
Other features of the stern included lanterns and the ensign .
Cisco Systems took it over on September 9 , 2004 .
Jennifer Todd is an American film producer .
Tizac-de-Lapouyade is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Felipe Miñambres is a former Spanish football player .
Manchukuo was a Japanese puppet state in Manchuria and eastern Inner Mongolia ruled by the former Emperor of China Henry Pu-yi .
His Percy Jackson and the Olympians series features a twelve-year-old boy who discovers he is the modern-day son of an ancient Greek god .
The Phanerozoic is divided into three eras : the Palaeozoic , Mesozoic , and Cainozoic .
As well as the data model , many basic concepts of database terminology were introduced by this group , notably the concepts of schema and subschema .
There are 24 Vice-Presidents , three Senior Vice Presidents and two Executive Vice Presidents .
Since then , change has been a nearly continuous process with modifications and improvements to the collections , services , and spaces of the Library becoming a yearly , monthly , and weekly affair .
Agriculture and tourism make up most of the canton 's economy .
Anderson divorced Cornelia in 1916 and got married to Tennessee Mitchell .
To the east of it are the Saint George 's Channel , the Bristol Channel , the English Channel , and the Bay of Biscay , as well as adjacent portions of Wales , Cornwall , Devon , and Brittany .
Databases include the full Encyclopaedia Britannica ; Oxford Reference dictionaries and encyclopaedias ; multi-subject magazine and journal article databases ; newspaper collections of most major Australian and international papers from 2000 onwards ; and specialist subject databases .
The service is operated by First London on behalf of Transport for London . The TfL team responsible for Tramlink is called London Tramlink , matching London Buses , London Underground , and so on .
Hüttwilen is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
When rescue helicopters had trouble in landing near the epicenter in Wenchuan , a student proposed a new landing spot online .
Brimsdown railway station is in the London Borough of Enfield in north east London .
About 116 people live there and it has 4,51 km .
Gohar Shahi then married and had three children .
He was an elementary school teacher until joining the German Army in 1914 .
Pulsars are neutron stars that turn quickly and produce electromagnetic radiation that can be received in the form of radio waves .
The main event and featured match on the SmackDown brand was Edge versus The Undertaker for the World Heavyweight Championship , which Undertaker won by forcing Edge to submit with the Gogoplata .
Wavelet is function from the Hilbert space .
Korchnoi scored 7.5 - 0.5 in his first eight games , then drew his last three games .
At least 7,000 school buildings collapsed .
Blood pressure is the pressure made by the blood inside blood vessels . Unless otherwise stated , `` blood pressure '' refers to systemic arterial blood pressure .
He ended up smoking after having to stop for a long time .
Spaghetti is an Italian type of pasta .
The variable measured is most often the light 's intensity but could also , for instance , be the polarization state .
This is a list of the tallest buildings in the United States .
When Kashchei wakes up the Firebird makes him dance . While he is dancing the Firebird tells Ivan that Kashchei 's power lies in an egg .
John Fitzgerald Kennedy , also known as JFK , was the 35th president of the United States of America . He held office from 1961 until he was assassinated in 1963 .
Nate was a category 1 hurricane . Hurricane Nate also helped Hurricane Maria kill one person in Bermuda , and another in New Jersey .
In computer networks , a proxy server is a server which clients use to access other computers .
Some of the museums collections were lost in the fire .
The ZIP code is the system of postal codes used by the United States Postal Service .
Mackay is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Capital of Culture '' in 2005 .
La Milesse is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
And the boy returned to life , making the woman admit that Elijah is `` a man of God and that the word of the Lord from your mouth is the truth '' : a confession the Lord 's own people Israel had not made .
The American Robin is known to carry a disease called the West Nile Virus .
Gould and Gilbert arrived in Hobart on the ship Parsee on 19 September 1838 .
When the lambda expression is evaluated , Scheme creates a closure consisting of the code for the lambda and a reference to the variable , which is a free variable inside the lambda .
Vauxhall Astra is a car produced by General Motors since 1979 .
For example cancer is responsible for many deaths but is not considered a pandemic because the disease is not infectious .
Qin pieces are usually around three to eight minutes in length , with the longest being `` Guangling San '' 廣陵散 , which is 22 minutes long .
It is on the Piccadilly Line , in Travelcard Zone 2 . It is between Holloway Road and Finsbury Park .
Since ending their tenure in the Socialist Alliance , the Socialist Party has run candidates in elections as Socialist Alternative .
It has 12 cantons and 126 communes .
The prelature of Opus Dei has priests and also ordinary lay people .
The IPCC receives funding from UNEP , WMO , and its own Trust Fund which gets money from governments .
The last four notes of the row , rising whole tones , are also the first four notes of the chorale melody , Es ist genug .
The sego lily , the Utah state flower , represents peace .
While they do not have control , representatives of the Bus Association of Victoria and V/Line have helped Metlink .
Knox and Sollecito were also put on trial .
In 1907 a beautiful organ was put in the Konzerthaus by the Austrian firm of organ builders Rieger .
The first report of the split came around 7 March 1976 12:30 UT , when reports were received that the comet had broken into two pieces .
Léo Delibes was a French composer of Romantic music .
His portrait is depicted on the obverse of the Croatian 1000 Croatian kuna banknote , issued in 1993 .
Harrisburg is the capital city of Pennsylvania , one of four U.S. states called a Commonwealth of the United States .
Pokémon have six statistics which all affect how they perform in battles . Statistics can be raised by using items and by training the Pokémon .
Cowboy Bebop first aired in the United States in 2001 on Cartoon Network 's Adult Swim .
A glioma is a type of brain tumor that starts in the glial cells .
The top scorer of The Express was Arturo `` El Torito '' Naón with 33 goals .
Ecclestone sold the team in 1988 .
The city was initially founded between 1771 and 1776 with some families that came from Monte Cristi . During the Dominican War of Independence , the city was abandoned and it was burned several times by the Haitian army .
In larger towns and cities , such as London , common diseases arising from lack of sanitation included smallpox , measles , malaria , typhus , diphtheria , Scarlet fever , and chickenpox .
Steinfurt is a Kreis in the northern part of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
The next year , Robson went back to England to work for the Football Association . Soon after his return , Newcastle United F.C. manager Ruud Gullit quit , and Robson took the manager 's job at St James ' Park .
The game was first revealed at Nintendo 's E3 2009 and was released on November 12 , 2009 in Australia , November 15 , 2009 in North America , November 20 , 2009 in Europe and on December 3 , 2009 in Japan .
Droupt-Saint-Basle is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France .
However , ballpoint pens were improved , and they are much easier to use than pens that need to be dipped in ink , so almost everybody writes with them now .
Director Otto Preminger did not like Monroe 's need to use Natasha Lytess , who coached Monroe and told her opinion of Monroe 's acting at the end of each scene .
Charlotte Perrelli is a swedish singer , television host and actress , perhaps most famous for winning Melodifestivalen 1999 and subsequently the Eurovision Song Contest 1999 with her song Take Me To Your Heaven .
U.S. Route 9 is a United States highway in the states of Delaware , New Jersey , and New York .
The area where Kowloon Walled City was located is now called Kowloon City .
The Cross Product is a mathematical operation which can be done between two vectors .
It dissipated inland that evening , never becoming a tropical storm .
The Movie , which was a pilot to the series .
The Dukes of Devonshire have been helping Buxton since 1780 , when the Duke used his money from his copper mines to develop the town as a spa like Bath .
In 1963 , Plath committed suicide . She sealed the room she was in with wet towels , turned the gas oven on and put her head inside the oven .
In Book XI of `` The Golden Ass '' by Apuleius , we find evidence that the worship of this god was maintained in Rome at least up to the 2nd century .
In the Florida Everglades , 25 % , 70,000 acres of trees were knocked down by the storm .
She fared much better in the doubles , reaching the quarterfinals in mixed with her partner Mahesh Bhupathi and the quarterfinals in the women 's doubles with Bethanie Mattek , including a win over number two seeds Lisa Raymond and Samantha Stosur .
It traced the history of Misora 's life and career in multi-media exhibits , and displayed various memorabilia .
When Giorgio Vasari wrote about him in Lives of the Artists , in the 1500s , he was already known as Fra Giovanni Angelico .
Pamina and Papagena are caught by Monostatos .
Gifhorn is a city in the German state of Lower Saxony .
Löhningen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
Torque is the rate at which angular momentum is transferred in or out of the system .
Ogg is a free , open standard container format for multimedia , like music and video , run by the Xiph.Org Foundation .
Women will usually take the title ` Lady ' instead of Laird or Lord .
Austen 's works were seen in France as part of a sentimental tradition . Because of this , people were more interested in the works of French realists like Stendhal , Balzac , and Flaubert .
It is like the handjob . It is a common form of foreplay or mutual masturbation .
In October 2008 , he dropped out of the world top three ranking for the first time since July 1996 .
As the siege continued , and food became ever more scarce , he wrote in his diary that he was reduced to `` eating the unknown . ''
Lough Neagh is a lake in Northern Ireland , United Kingdom .
Ronald Koeman is a former Dutch football player .
It is hard to say if some of the galaxies we see are what we think they are , because many galaxies are very far away and almost too faint to see . Another problem is that we can only see galaxies from one direction , so we can not see the same galaxy from the top and the side at the same time .
His coach Priscilla Hill came with him .
The deal hinged on a ` loyalty test ' administered by a special five-member NEC panel on 9 January .
Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar , commonly known as I. I. Chundrigar , was Prime Minister of Pakistan for about 2 months from October 17 , 1957 to December 16 , 1957 .
The band had fifteen top ten singles , or songs sold on their own , on the Billboard rock charts , including six # 1 's , and one # 1 album on the pop charts .
Rocco Francis Marchegiano , better known as Rocky Marciano , was an American boxer . Marciano was the World Heavyweight Boxing Champion from 1952 until 1956 .
Henry VI 's rejection of the decree lead to his excommunication and a ducal revolt ; eventually Henry received absolution after dramatic public penance barefoot in Alpine snow and cloaked in a hairshirt , though the revolt and conflict of investiture continued .
The counties were divided into administrative counties and independent county boroughs .
Shinkichi Kikuchi is a former Japanese football player .
Today in France , July 14 , Fête Nationale , also called Bastille Day , is a national holiday .
Early immigrants settled mainly in Eastern United States , in the cities of New York City , Boston and Detroit and the Paterson , NJ area .
In the early 16th century , movements were begun by two theologians , Martin Luther and Ulrich Zwingli , that aimed to reform the Church ; these reformers are distinguished from previous ones in that they considered the root of corruptions to be doctrinal and thus they aimed to change contemporary doctrines to accord with what they perceived to be the `` true gospel '' .
Mauricio Pochettino is a former Argentine football player .
He is often called ` the London Bach ' or ` the English Bach ' , because he spent many years living in London .
Modern humans who live on Flores , the island where the skeleton was found , are pygmies .
Because of the growth in Cranbourne several new primary schools are being planned .
Lee studied symmetry principles and weak interactions .
It was found in 1949 by Walter Baade .
The use of the word nucleus in atomic theory , however , did not happen immediately .
ISDN offers a number of data channels , and a signalling channel .
Belgium is next to France , Germany , Luxembourg and the Netherlands .
The family Chinchillidae contains the chinchillas , viscachas , and their fossil relatives .
The American Staffordshire Terrier is a breed of dog .
The Trialeti culture was the second culture to appear in the Caucasus , after the Kura-Araxes culture .
It was recently fixed up by the same firm beginning in 2002 and was re-opened in 2004 .
They were also starting to use copper for making certain tools or weapons .
Although home to only a small part of the population the Tudor municipalities were overcrowded and unhygenic .
The Indus continues into the Arabian Sea .
Murs is a commune of 415 people . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
He found or co-found many comets , such as 23P/Brorsen-Metcalf and 97P/Metcalf-Brewington ; he also found many asteroids .
Estos is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France .
The company has subsidiaries and joint ventures in 23 countries . These countries include the United Kingdom , the United States , France , Mexico , Spain , Italy , Germany , Argentina , Poland , Netherlands , India , South Africa , Lebanon , Morocco and Australia among others .
As with most of Arizona , Phoenix does not observe daylight saving time .
It is also the largest regular ballroom competition : in 2003 , 1539 couples from 54 countries took part in the festival .
C. elegans is about 1 mm long .
Biganos is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Construction was stopped for almost 100 years because the Pisans were often at war with Genoa , Lucca , and Florence .
Rise Against toured North America , Europe , Australia , and Japan in support of Siren Song of the Counter Culture .
Hiroshi Soejima is a former Japanese football player . He has played for Japan national team .
Bacău is a county of Romania , in Moldavia . The capital of Bacău County is Bacău .
In 1997 , Major League Baseball retired his uniform number , 42 , across all major league teams .
The Black Mountain has long narrow ridges with higher peaks every now and again .
Nearly 50 % of the nation 's economy is linked with organized crime .
Some estimates suggest that 30-80 % of living plant species are polyploid , and many lineages show evidence of ancient polyploidy in their genomes .
You should never create links from a mainspace article to any userpage , nor should a userspace essay be used as the main source for any Wikipedia policy , guideline , practice , or concept .
Kanotix 's mascot is a fangtooth .
He was a production designer for Hanna-Barbera Productions and the artist/character designer of Scooby-Doo .
Use full image syntax , for example .
A cutting board or chopping board is something used to chop up food on .
It was also the twenty-seventh tropical or subtropical storm and fifteenth hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
Saba is the smallest island of the Netherlands Antilles , located at .
It also launched the The Official Guide to the Xenaverse , by Robert Weisbrot , with photographs in color and black and white , a complete and detailed episode guide to the first two seasons , a look behind the scenes , the intriguing story of the origin of Xena : Warrior Princess , biographies of cast and crew and trivias about the show .
The whole DVD also includes other bonus tools including maps , videos , sound clips , animations and web links .
The identity of this alleged victim is not known .
Rowing is the use of oars to move a boat .
Alexander Stepanovich Popov was a Russian physicist and inventor who first showed how to use electromagnetic waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention .
Caffeine is in many drinks and foods . This is approximate amounts of caffeine in some food and drink :
Its scales have special sensory plaques connected to nerves that gives it its sense of touch .
He has also played for their farm team the Rockford IceHogs of the AHL . Although he spent the majority of his time on the IceHogs , He earned a regular spot on the Chicago Blackhawks roster after James Wisniewski was traded to the Anaheim Ducks .
Robert Joseph Dole is a former United States Senator from Kansas . He was the Republican leader of the Senate from 1985 until 1996 .
There used to be three districts called `` bailieries '' which were later put together to make up the shire of Ayrshire .
Jorge Valdano is a former Argentine football player .
It is done in loanwords and abbreviations ; e.g. , USA : han for the illative case of `` USA '' .
The iMac is an all-in-one personal computer that was first released in 1998 . It is made by Apple Inc. .
It has won three titles totally , one Greek championship and two Greek cups .
The tasks of these managers include organizing in-store events , such as author appearances , children 's storytimes and book groups .
Every channel , query and DCC Chat is encryptable with Blowfish or AES/Rijndael .
Robinson then took an offer from his old friend and pastor Rev. Karl Downs to be the athletic director at Sam Huston College in Austin . The school was part of the Southwestern Athletic Conference at the time .
The team travel around the UK , and also Ireland , the Netherlands and the United States , investigating possible paranormal ` hotspots ' for 24 hours .
It next to the Mid-Western Highway , 258 k west of Sydney and 52 k south west of Bathurst . It is 720 m above sea-level .
Linguists working on Tungusic have proposed a number of different classifications based on different criteria , including morphological , lexical , and phonological characteristics .
The franchise had players from the Toronto Blueshirts , including those who had been sent to other NHA teams for the second half of the 1916 - 17 NHA season .
The train station and terminus is located in Tanjung Aru .
You can find wild blueberries , strawberries and mushrooms in the forests .
Then the beans are dried and cleaned .
Some of the most important trading ports during the period include both existing and ancient cities such as Jelling , Ribe , Roskilde , Hedeby , Aarhus , Vineta , Truso , Kaupang , Birka , Bordeaux , Jorvik , Dublin and Aldeigjuborg .
Stan Musial , Alex Rodriguez , and Robin Yount have won at different positions . Rodriguez is the only player to win the award with two different teams at two different positions .
This category is for all animals in the order Caudata , the salamanders .
Asia and Europe have used winter apples as an important food for thousands of years . From when Europeans arrived , Argentina and the United States have used apples as food as well .
While on the Erebus , Hooker had read proofs of Charles Darwin 's Voyage of the Beagle provided by Charles Lyell and had been very impressed by Darwin 's skill as a naturalist .
Michael Kenji Shinoda is a Japanese American musician , record producer , and artist from Agoura Hills , California .
This is the infobox template .
Roberto Luongo is a hockey goaltender in the National Hockey League . He is playing for the Vancouver Canucks .
G-sharp major is a major scale based on the musical note G sharp .
The original 777-200 model first entered service in 1995 , and the stretched 777-300 , which is 33.3 ft longer , was introduced in 1998 .
Some fans continue to call it the ` ORA Stand ' - in reference to the original sponsors of it .
Chinese posthumous names , for rulers , end in one or both symbols for `` emperor '' , Huángdì . This can be shortened to Dì .
The Nazis hindered Kurt Fiedler because he was known as an active social democrat . During World War II Kurt Fiedler served as translator for French prisoners of war .
Hieronymus Bosch was an Early Netherlandish painter of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries .
Alfred Nobel died in December 1896 , and in his will he left a lot of money to start a number of prizes to given each year , to be called the Nobel Prize .
In May 1972 , William Millard began business as IMS Associates in the area of computer consultancy and engineering , using his home as an office .
The constitution also said that the president be elected by the people .
One of the most famous Japanese women warriors was Itagaki .
Luke soon finds Yoda , but Yoda does not think Luke should be a Jedi .
Timbuktu is a city in Tombouctou Region , Mali .
A mebibyte is a unit of information or computer storage , abbreviated MiB .
Kim Jonghyun , born , commonly known as Jonghyun , is the main vocalist in the group .
Also , coach John Tortorella was awarded the Jack Adams Trophy for coach of the year .
Streicher was born in Fleinhausen , Bavaria .
The serve is the only shot where a player can take his time to set up , instead of having to react to an opponent 's shot .
He played BJ Hunnicutt on the TV show , M \* A \* S \* H. In recent years he has become an activist for various causes , like animal rights and world peace .
The town is home to the North Carolina Maritime Museum .
It consists of a pair of unmanned scientific probes , Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 .
Zudausques is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Shortly after , Undertaker executed a chokeslam , followed by a Tombstone piledriver , to Daivari on the casket .
Other parameters are : location = , source = and optional `` accessdate = '' or sctemp = t. The 36 parameters are : 12 monthly highs , 12 lows plus an optional 12 monthly rain/precipitation .
Unlike the latter half of the previous season , in which the cast was divided into two groups following two separate storylines , Season Six features an alternate universe scenario which the producers call `` flash-sideways , '' and almost all the main characters participate in both storylines .
A multiverse is the theory of a set of multiple possible universes , including our universe , which make up reality . These universes are sometimes called parallel universes .
Then he punted out of bounds inside the Alabama 1-yard line and Tennessee got a safety on the next play to win , 15-13 . ''
Swift originally published all of his works under pseudonyms - such as Lemuel Gulliver , Isaac Bickerstaff , M.B. Drapier - or anonymously .
Whedon sees himself as a feminist . Feminist themes are common in his work .
The stronger the spray is , the longer the effects last , but the average full effect lasts around thirty to forty-five minutes , with longer effects lasting for hours .
It moved to the northeast next to the U.S. East Coast and died out on July 23 near Nova Scotia .
Louvie-Juzon is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France .
Verquières is a commune of 786 people . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh ône department in the south of France .
It was found from the images taken by Voyager 2 on 1986-01-13 , and was given the designation S/1986 U 4 .
If it is built , the new track would be about 8.6 km long and would likely be built with six new stations : Sheppard West , Finch West , York University , Steeles West , Highway 407 Transitway , and the Vaughan Corporate Centre .
A cache is a block of memory for storing data which is likely used again .
Utah is one of the Four Corners states , and is bordered by Idaho in the north , Wyoming in the north and east ; by Colorado in the east ; at a single point by New Mexico to the southeast ; by Arizona in the south ; and by Nevada in the west .
Steeles Avenue is an east-west street that forms the northern city border of Toronto and the southern border of York Region , Ontario , Canada .
One or more of the external links you added in to the page do not comply with our guidelines for external links and have been removed .
Sarayu is a river which flows in Uttar Pradesh of India . Sarayu river originates in Himalaya .
There are 3 moons of Pluto .
UA is one of the three largest universities in Alabama . Auburn University and University of Alabama at Birmingham are the other two main schools in Alabama .
In the late 1990 's , members of Imbas , a Celtic Reconstructionist group in Seattle , began promoting the name Senistrognata , which they say means `` the ancestral customs of the Celtic peoples '' in reconstructed Old Celtic .
The area codes are 10-6 for Davis , 11-7 for Mawson , 12-8 for Casey and 13-9 for Macquarie Island , in each case followed by three additional digits .
In the early 1980s , he starred in a movie with the British veteran Michael Caine in Escape to Victory , a sports drama where he plays a prisoner of war involved in a Nazi propaganda fußball tournament .
But unlike these , no official national or international recognition of the Assyrian genocide has been made , and many accounts discuss the Assyrian genocide as a part of the larger events subsumed under the Armenian genocide .
The Hanafi school is the oldest of the four schools of law or jurisprudence within Sunni Islam .
From there the Regnitz runs northwards through the cities of Erlangen and Forchheim .
Poe first published this story in the May 1842 edition of Graham 's Lady 's and Gentleman 's Magazine as `` The Mask of the Red Death . ''
Cupertino is a small town in Silicon Valley in the U.S. state of California . According to the 2000 census , Cupertino has a population of 50,546 .
The function used here is the totient function , usually called the Euler totient or Euler 's totient , after the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler , who studied it .
Zack & Wiki : Quest for Barbaros ' Treasure is a video game made by Capcom in 2007 for the Wii game console .
The Master has also been featured in spin-offs of the series , which are of unclear canonicity and may not take place in the same continuity .
Thirty four short free verse poems that express the feelings of a twelve year old boy moving from Massachusetts to Ohio .
Andance is a town and commune of the Ardèche département , in the southern part of France .
Guillaume de Machaut , was a Medieval French poet and composer .
Although it is not the capital today , Almaty is still the major commercial center of Kazakhstan .
Ravenscraig is now at the start of a major redevelopment by Wilson Bowden Developments Ltd , Scottish Enterprise and Corus , to create a full new town .
Juno Beach is home to the headquarters of Florida Power & Light .
He met his second wife , Christine Rohan , through a friend in Chicago .
Humberto Tozzi is a former Brazilian football player .
Ambhi , ruler of Taxila , whose kingdom extended from the Indus to the Hydaspes , complied .
In less than five months , seventeen more students of Siyyid Káẓim became disciples of the Báb .
During JBL 's entrance , the entrance ramp was raised and JBL 's limousine drove out from underneath .
Manhattan has many famous landmarks , tourist attractions , museums , and universities .
As of 2003 the company was run by his son Jamling Tenzing Norgay , who himself reached the summit of Everest in 1996 .
Hickory Hill is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
The rule for moons of minor planets , such as the formal designation Sylvia I Romulus for the asteroid moon Romulus , is an extension of the Roman numeral convention that had been used , on and off , for the moons of the planets since Galileo 's time .
Saul gave David his armor and weapons , but they were too heavy for him .
Clarkson has sold over 10.6 million albums in the United States , becoming the highest-selling American Idol winner .
I have nothing to apologise for . ''
His father , found that Floyd had been going out at night and often followed him at a distance to make sure he was not getting into trouble .
However , the death of Spencer forced him and his colleagues to consider the emotional strain that would result from having Santos lose both his running mate and the election .
Among its famous students and teachers are seven Nobel prize winners , two Fields Medalists , eleven Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize winners , Pope Benedict XVI , Karl Marx , Friedrich Nietzsche , Joseph Schumpeter and Joseph Goebbels .
By 1790 , on the political front , the First Polish Republic had deteriorated into such a helpless condition that it was successfully forced into an unnatural and ultimately deadly alliance with its enemy , Prussia .
The camel soon became a ground-attack and infantry support aircraft .
The Sega Saturn version was created by Lobotomy Software and sold by Sega .
So we know for the outcome of the products that A = B. Take any prime p from the first product A. It divides the A , so it also divides B. Using several times the lemma that we just proved , we can see that p must then divide at least one factor b of B. But the factors are all primes themselves , so also b is prime .
The Autonomous Province of Vojvodina is one of the two autonomous provinces in Serbia .
The Council of Chalcedon was an ecumenical council that took place from October 8 to November 1 , 451 , at Chalcedon .
As this template is rather large , it is preferable that we do not have it displayed multiple times simultaneously for each talk page .
The storm quickly dissipated over Mexico .
At the back of the studio is the `` Golden Bank '' , which is basically the same as lottery machines .
An entire article that presents as an attack piece or hostile journalism can be nominated for speedy deletion and will be removed promptly from the site .
The Himalayan Goral , also known as the Gray Goral , is a member of the Caprinae subfamily .
Nations who sign the treaty , but are not nuclear weapons states , promise to not use their nuclear power plants to make nuclear weapons .
During birth , the vagina acts as a ` path ' for the baby to pass through .
Mauna Loa is an active volcano in the Hawaiian Islands of the United States .
Brahan Castle was a castle that used to stand near Dingwall , in Easter Ross , Scotland .
Therefore , CF is considered an autonomic recessive disease .
This interface almost always works at a different speed than that of the hard disk platter . In such a case , the disk buffer is used to store the data that comes from the disk , before it sent to the computer , or to store the data that comes from the computer before it can be written to the disk .
The Eye of Horus was an important symbol in ancient Egypt . It was the symbol of protection and Royal Power from Ra or Horus .
Young began his professional career in 1889 with the Canton , Ohio team of the Tri-State League , a professional minor league .
She was known well in far reaches of the world , and her social practices , her writings and her beliefs prompted much commentary , often by other luminaries in the world of arts and letters .
It is unclear what parts of his fabulous account of his childhood are true as there are no formal records of him prior to the age of 17 when he was enlisted in military school in Holics , Hungary by a mysterious Catholic Priest .
Ronno 's character is never named in the original movie .
Saint-Macaire is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The Class 466 750V DC third rail electric multiple unit is a suburban EMU , which operates with Class 465 EMUs in southeast London and Kent on the Southeastern network .
As of 2000 , the county had a population of 26,453 .
Sainte-Marguerite-des-Loges is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Any image that is found to have manipulation that materially affects its encyclopedic value should be posted to Images for deletion .
When food is made , salt is used as a preservative , to make the food last longer , and as a seasoning , for flavor .
He led Georgia Tech to two Southeastern Conference championships and one national championship in 1952 .
The version of rugby union is very popular , with notable competitions including the IRB Sevens World Series and the Rugby World Cup Sevens . It is also played at events such as the Commonwealth Games and rugby league has also adopted the sevens format .
On December 16 , Stoneman 's cavalry rode toward Marion , destroying infrastructure and public buildings along their path .
It is classified as a Dardic Language but this is more of a geographical classification than a linguistic one .
Both of these tribes were named after two old Mayan cities .
Tomonobu Hiroi is a Japanese football player . He plays for Shimizu S-Pulse .
Robert Michael Schneider is an American actor , comedian , screenwriter , and director .
As a very private man , Longfellow did not believe in adding autobiographical elements to his poetry .
The Republic of China , commonly known as Taiwan , has control over the islands of Taiwan , Penghu , Kinmen , and Matsu .
Note that if the character appears in the text , the parameter must be explicitly specified as .
Christology is a field of study of Christian theology .
These features make the billiard cue stiffer . This stiffness helps players in striking the larger and heavier billiard balls as compared with pool balls .
Leno left the show in 2009 , and Conan O'Brien became host from June 2009 to January 2010 before leaving due to controversy with The Tonight Show 's timeslot .
Jacques Ellul was a French philosopher , sociologist , theologian , and Christian anarchist .
Tube sound is the sound produced by a vacuum tube-based audio amplifier .
During a round of betting , there will always be a current bet amount , which is the total amount of money bet in this round by the player who bet last in this round .
If his Lord sold some land , the serf of that land went with it to serve their new Lord .
Scuderia Ferrari is the name for the Gestione Sportiva , the division of the Ferrari automobile company concerned with racing . Though the Scuderia and Ferrari Corse Clienti continue to manage the racing activities of numerous Ferrari customers and private teams , Ferrari 's racing division has completely devoted its attention and funding to its Formula One team , Scuderia Ferrari .
Lu has written that his spiritual gurus included the 16th Karmapa , Rangjung Rigpe Dorje and Tai Situ Rinpoche .
Garth Tander / Jason Bargwanna Holden VT Commodore 161 laps / 7h 23m 30.2348 s
It was named after the Trojan Horse in Greek mythology .
In the 8th century , an Indian teacher called Padmasambhava brought Buddhism to Tibet again while Trisong Detsen was king of Tibet .
This will be connected to the existing infrastructure built for the Jubilee Line Extension , at the mezzanine level .
Between the Darß and the mainland there is a very shallow lagoon . the lagoon and the peninsula are part of the Western Pomerania Lagoon Area National Park .
Shoichi Nishimura is a former Japanese football player .
They are part of the American Football Conference .
Kyoto is the city where the geisha tradition is older and stronger . Becoming a professional geisha in Kyoto usually takes five years of training .
Jack Donahue , sometimes called John Donohue , was a famous Australian bushranger .
The Liberal Democrats , often shortened to Lib Dems , are a liberal political party in the United Kingdom .
The card for the event has two main events .
Afterwards , the municipality of Rio de Janeiro became the Estado da Guanabara , from 1960 until 1975 . In 1975 , the State of Guanabara and the State of Rio de Janeiro merged , to be named the state of Rio de Janeiro .
Setques is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Arbignieu is a commune .
Wade Redden is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League .
A place to build the school was picked on 25 March 1558 . It was opened the next year on 5 June 1559 .
Traffickers may own legitimate travel agencies , modeling agencies and employment offices in order to gain women 's trust .
The Partition of India split British India into the countries of India and Pakistan in 1947 .
White Knight continued to be based at Mojave , but would ferry over to Plant 42 when flights were scheduled .
Recipe for Hate is the seventh album by American punk rock band Bad Religion , released on the Californian independent record label Epitaph Records in 1993 .
The line opened on October 1 , 1964 , just in time for the Tokyo Olympics .
The reason is that creativity can not be defined - although several attempts have been made , a shared definition of the concept of creativity still comes up short .
A Lance-Sergeant was originally a Corporal doing the work of a Sergeant .
After the small town of Saint-Maurice , the northern banks of the river belong to the canton of Vaud .
The cathedral is under the administration of the Roman Catholic Church and is the seat of the Archbishop of Bamberg .
Ilūkste is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917 .
George Beverly `` Bev '' Shea is a famous singer and songwriter of gospel music , and has wrote several hymns .
A flash is a design or picture that is used in order to create a tattoo .
Courrières is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Gyula is a town in Békés county in the south-eastern part of Hungary .
She also lost in the second round of the doubles event to Shahar Peer and Gisela Dulko .
He came second in the FIDE World Chess Championship 2005 in San Luis with 8.5 points out of 14 games , lagging 1.5 points behind the winner , Veselin Topalov .
Allison was replaced by Andrea in 2007 .
Masahiro Hamazaki is a former Japanese football player .
Dardanelles is a narrow strait in northwestern Turkey connecting the Aegean Sea to the Sea of Marmara .
Fletcher 's poetry book I Am Wings was chosen by School Library Journal as one of their best books of 1994 .
It is the home stadium of Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Conteville-l ès - Boulogne is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Southern Florida saw fair rainfall , with a maximum of 16.47 inches occurring in Tavernier .
The organization sets the policies that govern development , operate important things that keep Mozilla working and control trademarks and other intellectual property .
Because there is no country where everyone speaks Lojban , nobody is born with a name in lojban .
Eucrites are named from a Greek word meaning `` easily distinguished '' .
Neuss has about 150,000 inhabitants .
Over the years , he has worked with classical and bluegrass artists such as Joshua Bell , Yo-Yo Ma , Béla Fleck , Sam Bush , James Taylor , Jerry Douglas , Mike Marshall , Mark O'Connor , Alison Krauss , the members of Nickel Creek , and Mary Chapin Carpenter .
The two teams were meeting in a World Series for the fifth time in nine years . The Yankees had won in 1947 , 1949 , 1952 and 1953 .
If they are not tuning to a piano , players of instruments sometimes use a tuning fork which gives an exact note so that they know they are in tune . There are also electronic tuning devices .
The members were Robert Plant , Jimmy Page , John Paul Jones , and John Bonham .
Google then made the comic available on Google Books and their website and referenced it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
Barry Switzer was an American football coach . He coached both professional and college football between 1962 and 1997 .
Charles of Valois started the House of Valois as the first Count of Valois .
Lancrans is a commune .
But in the end , even though she was a strong player , Jolanda was voted off in a 6-3 vote .
Capillaries go between arteries and veins .
In Maryland , blue crab is often eaten with Old Bay Seasoning .
Tennis Borussia Berlin is a football club which plays in Germany .
They have one or two babies , which stay in the pouch for 80 or 90 days . When they come out of the pouch they stay in the nest for another three weeks .
Some of their most popular and widely known singles are `` You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul '' , `` You Can Win If You Want '' , `` Cheri Cheri Lady '' , `` Brother Louie '' , `` Atlantis Is Calling '' and `` Geronimo 's Cadillac '' .
At the southwestern edge of the range is Römer crater , and Newcomb crater is in the northeastern section .
Who has written the material should be irrelevant so long as these policies are closely adhered to .
Nancy Reagan is also stepmother to Michael Reagan and the late Maureen Reagan , the children of Ronald Reagan 's first marriage to actress Jane Wyman .
He always has a brown cane , that once had a sword in it .
Time is not considered in Eriugena 's definition ; thus , his definition includes everything that exists , has existed and will exist , as well as everything that does not exist , has never existed and will never exist .
The BT postcode area was made between 1970 and 1974 .
A disk-shaped doughnut can also be stretched and molded into a torus until the center breaks to form a hole .
Spider Kiss is a 1961 book that was written by Harlan Ellison .
A large number of different shunter types were purchased by British Rail and its predecessors , many of which were withdrawn prior to the introduction of TOPS .
Although not from Bury St Edmunds , BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel lived nearby in Great Finborough and on 12 November 2004 his funeral took place at the cathedral .
In the 1970s , the original stadium was closed down .
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers an international non-profit , professional organization for the advancement of technology related to electricity .
The cooperation with publishers is regulated by law since 1935 for the Deutsche Bücherei Leipzig , since 1969 for the Deutsche Bibliothek Frankfurt .
Two - and four-stroke rotary , radial , inline .
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir was the 4th president of Iceland . She was president from 1980 to 1996 .
In mid-December , Gavron announced she would stand down as the Labor candidate in favor of a ` unity campaign , ' with Gavron as Livingstone 's deputy , with Labour 's National Executive Committee voting 25-2 to pave the way for Livingstone 's readmittance .
A first small observatory was furnished in 1711 , financing itself through calendrical computations .
Olonne-sur-Mer is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France .
The diesel engine and transmission were supplied by the English Electric company but the Bulleid influence was obvious .
In both 1999 and 2000 , The West Wing was awarded the Peabody Award for excellence in broadcasting .
But opium is diverted to illicit international drug markets .
What originally was a two-hundred-fifty-word photo-caption-job for Sports Illustrated grew to a novel-length feature story for Rolling Stone ; Thompson said publisher Jann Wenner had `` liked the first 20 or so jangled pages enough to take it seriously on its own terms and tentatively scheduled it for publication - which gave me the push I needed to keep working on it '' .
K-Swiss , Inc. is an American footwear company . It is based in Westlake Village , California .
However , the version used by the British Army is 3:5 , and two of the red diagonals are cropped .
As the Sun was notably weaker at the time , the Earth 's climate may have relied on methane , a powerful greenhouse gas , to maintain surface temperatures above freezing .
Because the coffee grounds are in direct contact with the brewing water , coffee brewed with the French press gets more of the coffee 's flavor and essential oils . These usually are trapped in a traditional drip brew machine 's paper filters .
The amount of vitamin C in foods of plant origin depends on the kind of plant , the kind of soil where it grew , how much rain and sun it got , the length of time since it was picked , and how it was stored since then .
Some people , including Jacques Pierre Brissot , did not like this .
A large , fully connected set of the White House allows the producers to create shots with very few cuts and long , continuous master shots of staff members walking and talking through the hallways .
Duroplast was first used in the body of the IFA F8 and later also the AWZ P70 or Zwickau P70 and later used in the body of the Trabant .
Green Arrow is a fictional character , published by DC Comics .
It was their fourth U.S. number-one single and reached the top-five in Australia , Canada and the United Kingdom .
Because she was a protector of canopic jars , Serket was associated with Aset , and Nebet Het and .
Rocky Rapids has one store .
A month before touring for Louder Than Love was released , bassist Hiro Yamamoto left to go back to college .
This is because the European Robin has a bright orange-red face and breast . The two species are not closely related .
The Province of Caserta is a province in the Campania region of Italy .
During his domination Antiochus III the Great invaded his capital Arsamosata .
The Columbine High School Massacre was a school shooting at Columbine High School near Denver , Colorado on April 20 , 1999 .
Because he was known throughout the world , Eisenstein was able to direct . The film was part of the tenth anniversary celebration of the October Revolution of 1917 .
It can be found in the commune of Rouze , in the Ariège département .
Most of the gases given off by mud volcanoes are methane .
Consequently , the DNA repair process must be constantly active so it can respond rapidly to any damage in the DNA structure .
The geographical distribution of Turkic-speaking peoples across Eurasia spreads from Turkey in the West to the North-East of Siberia .
The university requires a minimum of twelve units to be considered a full-time student , with the maximum being twenty units .
An article by Lafontaine on Erich Honecker , state and party leader of the GDR and a Saarländer like him , in the magazine Der Spiegel was criticized by many people who said it concentrated on a few good things Honecker did , and ignored the bad things .
King 's Cross St. Pancras is a tube station in the London Borough of Camden , on the London Underground network , serving both King 's Cross and St Pancras main line stations .
Mateja Kežman is a Serbian football player . He plays for Paris Saint-Germain .
The Lady Byng Memorial Trophy , originally known as the Lady Byng Trophy , is given each year to the National Hockey League `` player adjudged to have exhibited the best type of sportsmanship and gentlemanly conduct combined with a high standard of playing ability '' .
Colombières is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Villeneuve-Saint-Germain is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The director of the mission , Vesto Melvin Slipher , gave the job to Clyde Tombaugh , a 23-year-old Kansas man . Tombaugh had just come at the Lowell Observatory .
In October 1786 , Phillip was made the new Governor of New South Wales . The British government wanted to start a penal colony on the east coast of Australia .
He was described by The Daily Telegraph as `` the most highly regarded graphic designer of his generation , and probably one of the most prolific '' .
Amherst is a town of Virginia in the United States .
With the help of Jay-Z , Fort Minor released their first album , The Rising Tied .
Four generations of the Willis family continued the family tradition of organ building until 1997 , when Henry Willis the fourth retired and the new Managing Director of the firm was not a member of the Willis family .
Feelin ' So Good is the first DVD by American singer Jennifer Lopez , released in November 2000 .
They are usually found on food labels throughout the European Union .
Mauro Tassotti is a former Italian football player .
Debby instead stayed south and died to the south of Cuba .
Montenol is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
In the DES block cipher , a 56-bit key is used , resulting in a relatively small key space of size 256 .
Many of the discontinued events were similar to modern ones but at different lengths , especially in the steeplechasing , hurdling , and racewalking disciplines .
Peter Criss is a solo album from the drummer of the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss .
1989 was a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar .
Such seeds are known variously as sabja , subja , takmaria , tukmaria , falooda , or hột é .
Coulter has described herself as a `` polemicist '' or someone who tells the truth even if will cause problems . She does not want to `` pretend to be impartial or balanced . ''
1This match was played in front of an empty stadium . This was to punish to Partizan for earlier crowd trouble .
Probably in the 800s , the village became part of the territory of the monastery of Reichenau .
He was however buried in Vienna .
Roussent is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Daniel Passarella is a former Argentine football player .
Telmo Zarra is a former football player .
Barnes & Noble hires community relations managers to engage in community outreach .
Větrný Jeníkov was first documented in 1226 .
Two numbers of the same order of magnitude have roughly the same scale : the larger value is less than ten times the smaller value .
Because of this the Camel remained in service until the .
The Amiga CD32 was a game console made by Commodore .
Washita County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
The Count draws his sword , promising to kill Cherubino , but when the door is opened , they are both amazed to find Susanna there . The Countess says that she has told the Count that Cherubino was in the cupboard only to test him .
Sven Lõhmus is an Estonian music producer who has worked with a number of successful Baltic pop acts , including pop-rock groups Vanilla Ninja , Suntribe and Urban Symphony .
BTS is wholly owned by Blackpool Borough Council . It makes it one of the few remaining municipal bus companies in the United Kingdom today .
The Kia Venga is a car produced by Kia since 2009 .
Sorcha agrees to this and spends several years in the forest hiding as she works on the shirts .
This pass can be purchased from any MTR Customer Service Centres or Airport Express Customer Service Centres .
Kensington Palace is also used on an unofficial basis by Prince Henry , as well as his cousin Zara Phillips .
The band was a big band in the 2006 Warped Tour .
The first European to visit these islands was Dutch explorer Willem Schouten in 1616 .
Chandpur is a district in east-central Bangladesh .
Vasari says that one of the popes asked Fra Angelico if he would like the very important job of Archbishop of Florence . But Fra Angelico did not want such a high job and he suggested the name of another friar for the position .
As an ice crystal forms , it stays pure : only molecules of water join the growing crystal , while impurities like salt or cyanide are excluded .
Lowari Pass is a high mountain pass that connects Chitral with Dir in the North West Frontier Province , Pakistan .
Jessains is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France .
The county is one of the oldest levels of government in China .
Neighbor districts are : Unterallgäu , Ostallgäu , and Lindau and in Baden-W ürttemberg : Ravensburg ; The district-free city of Kempten , in the middle of the district , is not part of the it . In the south of the district are the Austrian states Tyrol and Vorarlberg .
Cabriès is a commune of 8,073 people . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh ône department in the south of France .
Both parents and children say that young girls feel intense pressure from television shows and other children to look pretty and sexy and say that peer pressure , magazines , pop stars like Britney Spears and TV shows like Miley Cyrus ' Hannah Montana increase children 's demands to have spa treatments such as waxing , microdermabrasion and chemical peels .
Los Angeles Radio station KRLA 1110 broadcast the first Pop Chronicles documentary in 1969 .
Romaine or cos lettuce is a type of lettuce .
They harness a clean and renewable energy source .
It is the only town in the Jerilderie Shire Council Local Government Area .
Nitromethane contains less energy than the same amount of methanol , but it requires less oxygen .
The two starting tribes were Drake and Morgan .
Camino is a free , open source web browser , that was designed for the Mac OS X operating system .
Christian theologians use rational analysis and argument to understand , explain , test , critique , defend or promote Christianity .
He won his only Super Bowl when the Pittsburgh Steelers beat the Seattle Seahawks .
Ribbon in the national colors at are the bottom of the coat of arms .
Beyoncé The Ultimate Performer is a DVD by R&B artist Beyoncé Knowles .
This animal is seen as a pest by some people . In the United Kingdom the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 does not allow some ways of killing them , and to remove the dormice from the area may require a license .
Chaiyo also created a TV series he called `` Project Ultraman , '' un-aired as of late March 2008 , a joint project in China featuring his own Ultraman and attaching Hong Kong star , Ekin Cheng to the project .
Samaná is a Dominican province , located in the northeastern part of the country , occupying the whole Samaná Peninsula . Its capital city is Santa Bárbara de Samaná , usually called just `` Samaná '' .
He has had many operations including one in 2006 for a brain tumor .
Physicians in this field are called cardiologists .
Robinson 's daughter , Sharon , became a midwife , educator , director of educational programming for MLB , and the author of two books about her father .
He was named after his mother 's brother Henry Wadsworth , a Navy lieutenant who died only three years earlier at the Battle of Tripoli .
It is the third-largest city in Aargau after Wettingen and Baden .
By capturing the excess heat , CHP uses heat that would be wasted in a conventional power plant , potentially reaching an efficiency of up to 70 % , compared with at most 40 % for the conventional plants .
The city was named after the Roman general Quintus Caecilius Metellus Pius who founded it as a military base for his operations in western Iberia .
The British edible dormouse population is about 10,000 and is found in a 200 s triangle between Beaconsfield , Aylesbury and Luton .
This confirms IQ gains over time .
She now is a Special Envoy on climate change for the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon .
Within the last year , a steady growth of foreign tourists , especially from Germany , has been recorded .
However , paleotempestological research allows reconstruction of pre-historic hurricane activity trends on timescales of centuries to millennia .
Austin complied and gave him a shot at the upcoming pay-per-view , Unforgiven .
It is south of Keelung , north of Taoyuan County and west of Yilan .
Cash sales are made to the nearest five cents .
The British Household Cavalry is made of two regiments : The Life Guards and The Blues and Royals .
Fingering of the butt and rectum is commonly enjoyed in preparation for further anal sex .
In the early 20th century , the term Old Empire was sometimes given to this era of Maya civilization in an analogy to Ancient Egypt ; the term is now considered inaccurate and has long been out of use by serious writers on the subject .
A relief is a sculptured artwork where a modeled form projects out from a flat background .
The name comes from the Soan Valley in the Sivalik Hills in Pakistan .
A log cabin is a house built from wooden logs .
The Ark-La-Tex , Arklatex , or ArkLaTex is a U.S. socio-economic region where Arkansas , Louisiana , Texas , and Oklahoma intersect .
The median age is 36 years .
The M1 Abrams is a modern main battle tank in United States service as well as exported to several countries .
Always Coming Home is a book that was written by Ursula K. Le Guin in 1985 .
Dunière - sur-Eyrieux is a commune of the Ardèche département in southern France .
A subcamp of Flossenbürg concentration camp was located here .
Prokaryotes were once thought not to have organelles , but some examples have now been identified .
He is also known to be a Death Eater but after Voldemort started hunting Lily Evans , the woman Snape had loved since he was a child , he asked Albus Dumbledore to find a safe place for the Potters because he knew Voldemort wanted to kill their son , Harry Potter . As Dumbledore was not able to save the Potters , Snape 's sorrow was real and extremely deep , he gained Dumbledore 's trust .
On March 10 2005 , Viacom and WWE decided not to go on with the agreement with Spike TV , making it so Raw and other WWE programs on the network would cease when their deal expired in September 2005 .
The Palazzo degli Alberti is home to an artgallery with works by Filippo Lippi , Giovanni Bellini and Caravaggio .
A metropolitan borough is a type of local government district in England and covers urban areas within metropolitan counties .
White Lion broke up in 1992 but was brought back by their singer Mike Tramp in 1999 with new members .
Manga author Toshihiro Ono cited Ash as one of his favorite characters to draw for the series , stating `` I want to go on a trip with Misty just like him ! '' .
The stadium has also hosted several music concerts , including performances by Elton John , R.E.M. , Red Hot Chili Peppers , and Rod Stewart .
It is the capital of Karbala Province .
Daxter finds Kaeden , who reveals himself to be a giant insect , but he is defeated by Daxter .
The company used to be known as the World Wrestling Federation or the WWF .
This is primarily used in articles about events in parts of the world where the day precedes the month in a date .
The subject of carbon compounds is called organic chemistry because almost all organisms , or living things , are made up of water and carbon compounds .
Michael David Adamle is a sports personality and former National Football League player .
Oklahoma is ranked 20th size and 17th in the number of counties .
En route to his martyrdom in Rome , Ignatius wrote a series of letters , including one to Polycarp , bishop of Smyrna , who had also known John . These letters are an example of the theology of the earliest Christians .
Bali 's most important city is Denpasar . Hinduism is Bali 's largest religion .
A sewing machine is used to stitch fabric together with thread .
Hull was hit hard by the June 2007 floods .
The ancient Egyptians painted hieroglyphics showing the preparation of food .
While traveling Hercules is attacked by a giant named Antaeus and with the help of Deianeira manages to kill him .
They are probably better known today as the tough material given to parakeets and other pet birds as a source of calcium for their diets .
The capital is the town of Aarberg .
